Update README.md for page options (#426)
sveltejs/learn.svelte.dev: content/tutorial/04-advanced-sveltekit/02-page-options/01-page-options/README.md

title: Basics
---

> In the chapter on [loading data](/tutorial/page-data), we saw how you can export `load` functions from `+page.server.js` and `+layout.server.js` files. We can also export them from their client side alternatives - '+page.js' and '+layout.js'. We can also export various **page options** from these modules:

Author: ```suggestion
In the chapter on [loading data](/tutorial/page-data), we saw how you can export `load` functions from `+page.server.js` and `+layout.server.js` files. These functions can also be exported from their client side rendering alternatives - '+page.js' and '+layout.js'. Additionally, we can also export various **page options** from these modules:
```
